Add `GST:LIVE` news post and wiki articles (#8307)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GSTLIVE/22/en.md

---
tags:
  - GSTLIVE
  - GST
---

# GST:LIVE 2022

![GST:LIVE 2022 Banner](img/banner.png)

> **GST:LIVE 2022** is a 2v2 single-elimination osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133) and ::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957). The bracket stage is to be held on the 17th of December in conjunction with [Asia Esports Festival Online 2022](https://esportsasia.net/upcoming-events/aef-online-2022/) (AEF Online 2022). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GST:LIVE 2022** is a 2v2 single-elimination osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133), and ::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957). It is the second iteration of GST:LIVE. The bracket stage is to be held on the 17th of December in conjunction with [Asia Esports Festival Online 2022](https://esportsasia.net/upcoming-events/aef-online-2022/) (*AEF Online 2022*). 
```

## Tournament schedule

### Pre-event

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2022-11-12/2022-11-28 |
| Qualifiers | 2022-11-28/2022-12-10 |

### On the day of event

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Quarterfinals | 14:00 - 16:40 (UTC+08) |
| Semifinals | 16:40 - 18:40 (UTC+08) |
| Finals | 18:40 (UTC+08) |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prizes |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge, Medal, 12 months of osu!supporter |
> | ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | Medal, 6 months of osu!supporter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge for both players, physical medal, 12 months of osu!supporter |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | Physical medal, 6 months of osu!supporter |
```

> ![GST:LIVE 2022 Badge1](img/badge1.png) ![GST:LIVE 2022 Badge2](img/badge2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![GST:LIVE 2022 badge 1](img/badge1.png) ![GST:LIVE 2022 badge 2](img/badge2.png)
```

> | GFX | ::{ flag=SG }:: [Hecatia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8244635), ::{ flag=SG }:: [iroha\_2807](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27014435), ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133), ::{ flag=SG }:: [NoPengoo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11825315) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GFX artist | ::{ flag=SG }:: [Hecatia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8244635), ::{ flag=SG }:: [iroha\_2807](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/27014435), ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133), ::{ flag=SG }:: [NoPengoo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11825315) |
```

| On-site staff | ::{ flag=SG }:: [Dreamy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8547527), ::{ flag=SG }:: [ellyn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10592989) |
| Wiki editor | ::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957) |

## Links

> - **[Newspost]()**

Reviewer: date pending confirmation, but you can link it beforehand like this

```suggestion
- **[Announcement news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2022-11-12-osu-singapore-aef-online-2022)**
```

> - [Discord](https://discord.gg/3YXF2UCEYs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Discord server](https://discord.gg/3YXF2UCEYs)
```

- [Website](https://gstlive.org)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/osusg)
- [Challonge bracket](https://challonge.com/gstlive2022)

> ## Ruleset

Reviewer: again, remove blank lines between list items

### General Rules

> 1. GST:LIVE 2022 is a **National, Single Elimination, 2v2 tournament** with a team size of **2 players**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. GST:LIVE 2022 is a national, single-elimination, 2v2 tournament with a team size of **2 players**.
```

> 2. All matches will be played on **NoFail, Score v2 and Team VS**, with certain exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. All matches will be played on **No Fail, Score v2 and Team VS**, with certain exceptions.
```

3. The **top 8** teams from Qualifiers will move on to the Bracket Stage.

> 4. For each map that doesn't require the Hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with Hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For each map that does not require the Hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with Hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06.
```

### Registration

1. Registration will be through the [GST:LIVE website](https://gstlive.org).

> 2. There is Badge Weighted Seeding (BWS) in effect; the formula is rank^(0.9937^(badges^2)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Badge-weighted seeding](/wiki/Tournaments/Badge-weighted_seeding) (BWS) will be used with the formula of `rank^(0.9937^(badges^2))`.
```

3. Average team BWS rank must be #2000 or lower.

### Qualifiers regulations

1. All teams will play through the Qualifiers pool, consisting of **9 maps**, in order from A1 to A9.

2. Each team must play through all the maps; failure to do so will result in disqualification.

3. If a player disconnects or encounters any technical issues within the first **30 seconds** of a map, they are allowed to replay that particular map after the lobby is done with all the remaining maps.

> 4. Only the top 8 teams will proceed to the bracket stage. Seeding in Qualifiers will be determined by the **sum of z-score of each map**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Only the top 8 teams will proceed to the Bracket Stage. Seeding in Qualifiers will be determined by the **sum of z-score in each map**.
```

> ### Bracket stage regulations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bracket Stage regulations
```

> 1. The Bracket Stage will be held **offline** on 17th December 2022 at AEF Online 2022. **By signing up, you agree that you are free and will be showing up to the event should you place top 8 in Qualifiers.** Should there be an emergency such that you are unable to make the event, please let The Staff know by messaging **megumic** (ue#0001) or **\_gt** (gt#8668) on Discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Bracket Stage will be held **offline** 17 December 2022 at AEF Online 2022. **By signing up, you agree that you are free and will be showing up to the event should you place top 8 in Qualifiers.** Should there be an emergency such that you are unable to make the event, **please let the staff know** by messaging megumic (ue#0001) or \_gt (gt#8668) on Discord.
```

> 2. If a player is not present at the time of their match, the match will be forfeited. **The Staff reserve the right to ban absent players for future iterations of GST and GST:LIVE.**

Reviewer: "the staff" is grammatically singular

```suggestion
2. If a player is not present at the time of their match, the match will be forfeited. **The staff reserves the right to ban absent players for future iterations of GST and GST:LIVE.**
```

> 3. There will be 2 pools; the Quarterfinals pool will be **BO7**, and the Semifinals/Finals pool will be **BO9**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. There will be 2 mappools: the Quarterfinals pool will be **Bo7**, and the Semifinals/Finals pool will be **Bo9**.
```

### Match procedure

> 1. Higher roll gets **second ban first pick**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The higher `!roll` gets **the second ban and the first pick**. 
```

> 2. Each team will be given a maximum of **90 seconds** for every action (banning/picking a map). Failure to decide before the time limit will result in the action given to the opponent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Each team will be given a maximum of **90 seconds** for every action (banning/picking a map). Failure to decide before the time limit will result in the action being passed to the opponent.
```

3. After a beatmap is selected, teams will have a maximum of **90 seconds** to ready up.

> 4. For each map that doesn't require the hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06. As such, you are required to co-operate by putting on the required mods for each map as the multiplayer lobby will virtually permanently have Freemod enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For each map that does not require the hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with Hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06. As such, you are required to co-operate by putting on the required mods for each map as the multiplayer lobby will virtually permanently have Free Mod enabled.
```

> 5. In the case that both teams reach match point, there will be **3 maps** left.

Reviewer: what 3 maps? is this random? are there a tiebreaker pool with 3 tiebreakers?

Author: will make it clearer, but basically the mappool is designed such that when both teams reach match points there will be 3 maps left in the mappool (bo7 mappool has 9 maps so after 6 points, at 3-3, there are 3 maps left)

> 6. Both captains have to private message the referee which map they would like to ban out of the 3 maps within **90 seconds**. #multiplayer chat is strongly discouraged during this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Both captains have to PM the referee which map they would like to ban out of the 3 maps within **90 seconds**. Using the `#multiplayer` channel is strongly discouraged during this time.
```

> 7. If both teams ban different maps, the **third map** is played.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If both teams ban different maps, the **3rd map** is played.
```

> 8. If both teams ban the same map, the referee does a !roll 2 to determine which map out of the remaining will be played. (1 corresponds to the map listed higher on the map pool)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If both teams ban the same map, the referee will do a `!roll` 2 to determine which map out of the remaining ones will be played, where 1 corresponds to the map listed higher on the mappool.
```

---
tags:
  - GSTLIVE
  - GST
  - GST LIVE
---

# GST:LIVE 2022

![GST:LIVE 2022 Banner](img/banner.png)

**GST:LIVE 2022** is a 2v2 single-elimination osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133), and ::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957). It is the second iteration of GST:LIVE. The bracket stage is to be held on the 17th of December in conjunction with [Asia Esports Festival Online 2022](https://esportsasia.net/upcoming-events/aef-online-2022/) (*AEF Online 2022*). 

## Tournament schedule

### Pre-event

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2022-11-12/2022-11-28 |
| Qualifiers | 2022-11-28/2022-12-10 |

### Day of the event (17 December 2022)

| Event | Timestamp (UTC+08) |
| --: | :-- |
| Quarterfinals | 14:00 – 16:40 |
| Semifinals | 16:40 – 18:40 |
| Finals | 18:40 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prizes |
| :-: | :-- |

> | ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge, Physical medal, 12 months of osu!supporter |

Reviewer: sentence case

```suggestion
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge, physical medal, 12 months of osu!supporter |
```

2. All matches will be played on **No Fail, Score v2 and Team VS**, with certain exceptions.
3. The **top 8** teams from Qualifiers will move on to the Bracket Stage.
4. For each map that does not require the Hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with Hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06.

### Registration

1. Registration will be through the [GST:LIVE website](https://gstlive.org).
2. [Badge-weighted seeding](/wiki/Tournaments/Badge-weighted_seeding) (BWS) will be used with the formula of `rank^(0.9937^(badges^2))`.
3. Average team BWS rank must be #2000 or lower.

### Qualifiers regulations

1. All teams will play through the Qualifiers pool, consisting of **9 maps**, in order from A1 to A9.
2. Each team must play through all the maps; failure to do so will result in disqualification.
3. If a player disconnects or encounters any technical issues within the first **30 seconds** of a map, they are allowed to replay that particular map after the lobby is done with all the remaining maps.
4. Only the top 8 teams will proceed to the Bracket Stage. Seeding in Qualifiers will be determined by the **sum of z-score in each map**.

### Bracket Stage regulations

> 1. The Bracket Stage will be held **offline** on 17 December 2022 at AEF Online 2022. **By signing up, you agree that you are free and will be showing up to the event should you place top 8 in Qualifiers.** Should there be an emergency such that you are unable to make the event, **please let the staff** know by messaging megumic (ue#0001) or \_gt (gt#8668) on Discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Bracket Stage will be held **offline** on 17 December 2022 at AEF Online 2022. **By signing up, you agree that you are free and will be showing up to the event should you place top 8 in Qualifiers.** Should there be an emergency such that you are unable to make the event, **please let the staff know** by messaging megumic (ue#0001) or \_gt (gt#8668) on Discord.
```

2. If a player is not present at the time of their match, the match will be forfeited. **The staff reserves the right to ban absent players for future iterations of GST and GST:LIVE.**

> 3. There will be 2 mappools; the Quarterfinals pool will be **Bo7**, and the Semifinals/Finals pool will be **Bo9**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. There will be 2 mappools: the Quarterfinals pool will be **Bo7**, and the Semifinals/Finals pool will be **Bo9**.
```

### Match procedure

1. The higher `!roll` gets **the second ban and the first pick**. 
2. Each team will be given a maximum of **90 seconds** for every action (banning/picking a map). Failure to decide before the time limit will result in the action being passed to the opponent.
3. After a beatmap is selected, teams will have a maximum of **90 seconds** to ready up.

> 4. For each map that does not require the hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with Hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06. As such, you are required to co-operate by putting on the required mods for each map as the multiplayer lobby will virtually permanently have Free Mod enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For each map that does not require the Hidden mod, players may choose to play said maps with Hidden, with those scores divided by 1.06. As such, you are required to co-operate by putting on the required mods for each map as the multiplayer lobby will virtually permanently have Free Mod enabled.
```

5. The mappool is designed such that if both teams reach match point, there will be **3 maps** left.
6. Both captains have to PM the referee which map they would like to ban out of the 3 maps within **90 seconds**. Using the `#multiplayer` channel is strongly discouraged during this time.
7. If both teams ban different maps, the **3rd map** is played.

> 8. If both teams ban the same map, the referee will do a `!roll` 2 to determine which map out of the remaining ones will be played, where 1 corresponds to the map listed higher on the mappool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If both teams ban the same map, the referee will do a `!roll 2` to determine which map out of the remaining ones will be played, where 1 corresponds to the map listed higher on the mappool.
```

---
tags:
  - GSTLIVE
  - GST
  - GST LIVE
---

# GST:LIVE 2022

![GST:LIVE 2022 Banner](img/banner.png)

> **GST:LIVE 2022** is a 2v2 single-elimination osu! tournament hosted by ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133), and ::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957). It is the second iteration of GST:LIVE. The bracket stage is to be held on the 17th of December in conjunction with [Asia Esports Festival Online 2022](https://esportsasia.net/upcoming-events/aef-online-2022/) (*AEF Online 2022*). 

Reviewer: "the" is unnecessary here

## Tournament schedule

### Pre-event

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2022-11-12/2022-11-28 |
| Qualifiers | 2022-11-28/2022-12-10 |

### Day of the event (17 December 2022)

| Event | Timestamp (UTC+08) |
| --: | :-- |
| Quarterfinals | 14:00 – 16:40 |
| Semifinals | 16:40 – 18:40 |
| Finals | 18:40 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prizes |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Unique profile badge, physical medal, 12 months of osu!supporter |
| ![Silver crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | Physical medal, 6 months of osu!supporter |

![GST:LIVE 2022 badge 1](img/badge1.png) ![GST:LIVE 2022 badge 2](img/badge2.png)

## Organisation

GST:LIVE 2022 is run by various community members.

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |
| Organiser | ::{ flag=SG }:: [megumic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7537133), ::{ flag=SG }:: [\_gt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8301957) |

> | Custom mapper | ::{ flag=SG }:: [-Eresh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7605060), ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[ -Scarlet- \]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2427693), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Amami Yuu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19270348), ::{ flag=DK }:: [bongo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5312202), ::{ flag=US }:: [captin1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/689997), ::{ flag=SG }:: [chaser01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18730172), ::{ flag=TH }:: [Deppyforce](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5286213),  ::{ flag=SG }:: [Fsjallink](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12704035), ::{ flag=SG }:: [hehe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2123087), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Ixcors](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11194087), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Kotoha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7823498), ::{ flag=BR }:: [Kowari](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5404892), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Mrgglock](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10734032), ::{ flag=PH }:: [newton-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5875419), ::{ flag=SG }:: [oneplusone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1843447), ::{ flag=SG }:: [P4ndemonium](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6639059), ::{ flag=US }:: [Shirahane Suou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10820856), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Slyze-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9162649), ::{ flag=SG }:: [sorciere](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ::{ flag=US }:: [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332), ::{ flag=US }:: [ThunderBird2678](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3388082), ::{ flag=US }:: [Voltaeyx](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2715118), ::{ flag=PH }:: [xidorn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7904667) |

Reviewer 2: - `-Eresh`: SG -> VN
- `ThunderBird2678`: US -> CA

```suggestion
| Custom mapper | ::{ flag=VN }:: [-Eresh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7605060), ::{ flag=MY }:: [\[ -Scarlet- \]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2427693), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Amami Yuu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/19270348), ::{ flag=DK }:: [bongo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5312202), ::{ flag=US }:: [captin1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/689997), ::{ flag=SG }:: [chaser01](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18730172), ::{ flag=TH }:: [Deppyforce](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5286213),  ::{ flag=SG }:: [Fsjallink](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12704035), ::{ flag=SG }:: [hehe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2123087), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Ixcors](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11194087), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Kotoha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7823498), ::{ flag=BR }:: [Kowari](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5404892), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Mrgglock](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10734032), ::{ flag=PH }:: [newton-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5875419), ::{ flag=SG }:: [oneplusone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1843447), ::{ flag=SG }:: [P4ndemonium](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6639059), ::{ flag=US }:: [Shirahane Suou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10820856), ::{ flag=SG }:: [Slyze-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9162649), ::{ flag=SG }:: [sorciere](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2500099), ::{ flag=US }:: [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332), ::{ flag=CA }:: [ThunderBird2678](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3388082), ::{ flag=US }:: [Voltaeyx](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2715118), ::{ flag=PH }:: [xidorn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7904667) |
```
